[16.0][ADD] project_update_visible (#1201)
OCA/project: project_update_visible/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This addon allows see the project_id field in the form view of the project.update model.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: This description should be user oriented, not technical one. so I suggest to put:

```suggestion
This add-on allows to see the project for which the update is being done
directly in the same screen.
```
